c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\ProductionScheduleSheet.dll.config
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\ProductionScheduleSheet.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\ProductionScheduleSheet.pdb
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.IO.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\obj\Debug\ProductionScheduleSheet.csproj.App.config
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\obj\Debug\ProductionScheduleSheet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\obj\Debug\ProductionScheduleSheet.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\obj\Debug\ProductionScheduleSheet.pdb
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\MachineInfo.dll
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\MachineInfo.pdb
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\howardx.kvalinc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductionScheduleSheet\ProductionScheduleSheet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
